{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff1\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd
\pard\li720\ri0\fi-720\f1\fs24
{\f1\fs24 1.\tab . (2011).\par }
{\f1\fs24 2.\tab D. Catling, K. Zahnle, The Escape of Planetary Atmospheres. }{\f1\fs24\i Scientific American}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2009).\par }
{\f1\fs24 3.\tab T. Currie, On the Semimajor Axis Distribution of Extrasolar Gas Giant\line Planets:\u160?Why Hot Jupiters Are Rare Around High-Mass Stars. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal Letters \u160?}{\f1\fs24\b 694}{\f1\fs24 ,\u160?L171-L176 \line \u160?(2009).\par }
{\f1\fs24 4.\tab D. Ehrenreich}{\f1\fs24\i  et al.}{\f1\fs24 , Hubble sees Atmosphere Being Stripped From Neptune-Sized Exoplanet. }{\f1\fs24\i Nature}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 522}{\f1\fs24 , 459  \u8211?  461 (2015).\par }
{\f1\fs24 5.\tab J. Fortney, Looking Into the Giant Planets. }{\f1\fs24\i Science}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 305}{\f1\fs24 , 1414-1415  \u160?(2004).\par }
{\f1\fs24 6.\tab T. Guillot, D. Gautier, W. B. Hubbard, New Constraints on the Composition of Jupiter from Galileo Measurements and Interior Models\line \u160?}{\f1\fs24\i Icarus}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 30}{\f1\fs24 , 534-539 (1997).\par }
{\f1\fs24 7.\tab L. K.L., E. T.L., L. N. P., A Census of Young Stars and Brown Dwarfs in IC 348 and NGC 1333. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 827}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2016).\par }
{\f1\fs24 8.\tab Z. Li, J. Stein, A Simple Analytical Model for Rocky Planet Interiors. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 837}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2017).\par }
{\f1\fs24 9.\tab J. Lissauer}{\f1\fs24\i  et al.}{\f1\fs24 , All Six Planets Known to Orbit Kepler-11 Have Low Density\line \u160?}{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 770}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2013).\par }
{\f1\fs24 10.\tab A. Mocquet, O. Grasset, C. Sotin, Very High-Density Planets: A Possible Remnant of Gas Giants. }{\f1\fs24\i The Royal Society}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 372}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2014).\par }
{\f1\fs24 11.\tab C. Mordasini, Y. Alibert, W. Benz, D. Naef, Giant Planet Formation by Core Accretion. }{\f1\fs24\i Extreme Solar Systems, ASP Conference Series}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 398}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2008).\par }
{\f1\fs24 12.\tab M. Podolak, A. Weizman, M. Marley, Comparative Models of Uranus and Neptune. }{\f1\fs24\i Planetary and Space Science}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 43}{\f1\fs24 , 1517-1522 (1995).\par }
{\f1\fs24 13.\tab W. K. M. Rice, P. J. Armitage, On the Formation Timescale and Core Masses of Gas Giant Planets \u160?}{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 598}{\f1\fs24 ,\u160?L55-L58 (2003).\par }
{\f1\fs24 14.\tab K. Righter, D. P. O'Brein, Terrestrial Planet Formation. }{\f1\fs24\i PNAS}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 108}{\f1\fs24 , 19165-19170 (2011).\par }
{\f1\fs24 15.\tab D. Russel, Geophysical Classification of Planets, Dwarf Planets, and Moons. }{\f1\fs24\i Eprint ArXiv:1308.0616}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2013).\par }
{\f1\fs24 16.\tab D. Saumon, T. Guillot, Shock Compression of Deuterium and the Interiors of Jupiter and Saturn. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 609}{\f1\fs24 , 1170-1180  \u160?  \u160?(2004).\par }
{\f1\fs24 17.\tab D. Saumon, T. Guillot, Shock Compression of Deuterium and the Interiors of Jupiter and Saturn\u160? \u160?}{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 609}{\f1\fs24 , 1170-1180  \u160?(2004).\par }
{\f1\fs24 18.\tab J. Schneider, C. Dedieu, P. Sidaner, R. Savalle, I. Zolotukhin, Defining and Cataloging Exoplanets: the exoplanet.eu database \u160?}{\f1\fs24\i Astronomy and Astrophysics}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 532}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2011).\par }
{\f1\fs24 19.\tab S. Seager, M. Kuchner, C. Heir-Majumder, B. Militzer, MASS-RADIUS RELATIONSHIPS FOR SOLID EXOPLANETS. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 669}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2007).\par }
{\f1\fs24 20.\tab D. C. Swift}{\f1\fs24\i  et al.}{\f1\fs24 , Mass-Radius Relationships for Exoplanets. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 744}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2012).\par }
{\f1\fs24 21.\tab F. Tian, O. Toon, A. Pavlov, H. D. Sterck, Transonic Hydrodynamic Escape of Hydrogen from Extrasolar Planetary Atmospheres. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 621}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2004).\par }
{\f1\fs24 22.\tab L. Zeng, D. Sasselov, S. Jacobsen, Mass-Radius Relation for Rocky Planets Based on PREM. }{\f1\fs24\i The Astrophysical Journal}{\f1\fs24  }{\f1\fs24\b 819}{\f1\fs24 ,  (2016).\par }}